Lead lead lead sliced to draw air lifts small bombs in the elevator lift minutes
This half tide lifts the bomb yesterday morning, I'm this one
34 o'clock this bomb was small elevator Linde to bomb Surin
Yesterday morning 34 I've just easier then, just as I finish talking seriously
Horror movie horror movie horror movie japan horror
Bwatdan I mean the kind of movie I reported the film as saying that God
I was asleep and lay asleep.
But what I suddenly do this
I was sleeping like this . I was in a garage like this, but suddenly outside the door .
Bharuqqaaaq
It sounds like this is the only way to hear this.
Now I do not, I life groups here but I'm fine, I only biggest
Listening to the sound Becoming a real lie that the heart beats fast 9
When I'm sleeping, I can hear a strange sound when it is dark,
I ran really fast but I do not know why this is so
Just the sound of a heart breaking if you have something real quick yet awakened what
I swell to the heart.
It seems to be an elevator that stops even before you hear the sound of walking in a bruising north
I heart suddenly caught quickly but this time I really just popping sound bombs
Fully significantly me I'm a popping sound. But the moment my sister this time only
I was out in the open.
But I was thinking something, and my brother was buying something .
Is it my brother's accident or a bomb?
I thought it was an earthquake.
But the real thing is that I have a heart that jumps so fast and I feel like a real earthquake
I heard it because it feels like shaking something in my heart faster
I felt something shaking with more.
I think so. So I put it on the outside.
It looks out the window.
But only to show outside the show I do not do anything
Then the only thing left is the bomb and my brother, so there are only two .
I saw that, but once the car is standing on her guitar, it's okay.
Yeah, and I wonder if my brother is worried ,
I'm ready to go out and tell my mom .
It looks like a bomb exploded or a car accident now.
Brother academic ahninyago hangeo be in trouble earlier this brother went out and
I told her.
I said, " I was just going to sleep well,
I went up I awakened the sleeping form
I have a real head floating on my tongue.
Elevator nawatji
This is where the elevator door is closed and the elevator is celebrated in the house like this
It 's an elevator right here.
So this is the 4th door .
So we stopped in at 6:00 the sound of people talking in the elevator body
I can hear what you hear, people on the sixth floor
I did not catch it and it was so perfect, but as soon as I opened the elevator,
Suddenly, El's matte moment
Saw what audiences look peeping large audience suddenly the door you know miseonyi film head
I do not know how to do this.
Hi, I'm a film so geonreung
No, I have to get up all of a sudden . It's like this .
When things really surprised me this time also by a lot, and then suddenly I no Gardenia
Is not going to matter only to the state, not even state the situation boils suddenly attract
Just as soon as the elevator opened on the fifth floor is another sort of a joint in my home language and
I'm just doing this to get a lot of its original or original real surprise nolraeseo
Equal one told you hello just so we're also greeted week
But naneu my brother is thinking to promote hair fool like that should have no idea
There could be an accident.
I was worried that I could use it .
Suddenly I do not believe in you. Hi . I 'm doing this.
I do not think there is anything that I go in my head, I do not want the district-free
Knowing I was just looking to change elevators town metabolic syndrome in front of her
Ah
And then I went to the top.
Now I'm trying to match haebwatneunde after the accident place on the first floor but I do
How are you Miss? Hi.
I hate that color hi did this the end
No, I moved to a mixed greeting to the head, not even the bully
Until you tilt your head
So once he apologized, he went out, but he had two kids
Look at figuring to visit and to visit the accident after the accident gonna look out
So I just went out and just bought something in the truck.
Trucks are really into your truck.
If you switch your brother really went out later that the real conversion every few seconds long
I do not get a phone call, so I thought I was a real witch.
What is really great full line okay
I do not really get a call like this. So I finally got a call.
When I came before you'll receive
But I just went to the place of the accident , and there's a truck full of big trucks.
This chuck is just here and there are enemies out there that are breaking something .
There are a lot of enemies that have something in common.
The fragile traces are delicious
But before the brother reported haebwado friend called me here is not that the other side of the jig
I'm playing .
I was worried about this car, but I think it was an accident.
Look at something and then gone alone, really alone in thinking that I'm a strange sound
So last car is going to see something and then something explodes in the car.
That sounds like it.
2 2 Wet D Do 2 2 It's just that you can make this sound.
So, ah, I suddenly exploded hagetguna this because I'm so worried about this idea
I saw it, but just stop it again . The skeleton is right on the end of the road and on the foot.
Stop pecking still have so separated involuntarily ah now filled haetgetji
I think doing this and came to the house but me. Oh by the way here is another thing
I have it
This again comes earlier here too gateumyeon like to see my house so go right
But I know something about my house somewhere, but my body is like a tyler
And again, once again, this time, supermodels have super
Going like this, if you are like this, go this way and come like this
So do come and go and go and have a complex language that will eventually house talking
Me and the bomb la elevator.
It was no phat sound. Thank you.
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh